Define free parameters and concrete (#549)
rust-lang/reference: src/items/generics.md

}
```

## Free variables and concrete items and types

> The *free variables* of an item or type are the type and lifetime variables

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a given context, the *free variables* of an item or type are the type and lifetime variables
```

> that refer to a generically declared parameter. A *concrete item* or *concrete

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not bound therein. These variables may be substituted for other types or lifetimes. A *concrete item* or *concrete
```

type* is one that does not have any free variables. See [Wikipeida][concrete

> wikipedia] for more.

Reviewer: Some general notes about this paragraph that I think are not well captured:
+ Bounds/Constraints can also have free variables, e.g. `u8: 'a` has `'a` as a free variable.
+ A lifetime can be concrete: `'static`.

For example, consider this trait:

```rust
# struct SomeStruct;
#
trait Example<A> {
    fn foo(a: A);

>     fn bar<'b'>(a: A, b: &'b SomeStruct);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fn bar<'b>(a: A, b: &'b SomeStruct);
```

    fn baz();

    fn quux(a: i32, b: Option<i32>);
}
```

In it, the trait `Example` has a free variable `A` because it declares it
itself. Furthermore, `foo` has `A` as a free variable because it uses it as the

> type of its first argument. `baz` has both `A` and `B` as free type variables,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type of its first argument. The function `bar` has `A` as a free type variable,
```

> getting `A` from the trait's generic parameters and defining `B` as a generic

Reviewer: ```suggestion
getting `A` from the trait's generic parameters. However, the lifetime `'b` is bound in `baz` but is free in `&'b SomeStruct`.
```

> parmaeter itself. Both `baz` and `quux` have no free type variables and are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both `baz` and `quux` have no free type variables and are
```

> thusly concrete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
thus concrete.
```

> For another example, the function `for<'a> fn foo(a: &'a i32>` is concrete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For another example, the function `for<'a> fn foo(a: &'a i32>` is concrete but in `&'a i32`, `'a` is a free variable.
```

For another example, the following table shows the free type variables of

> various types. Types without free parmaeters show "concrete" instead of "none".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
various types. Types without free parameters show "concrete" instead of "none".
```

> Assume `A`, `E`, and `'a` are defined as generic parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume that `A`, `E`, and `'a` are defined as generic parameters.
```

| Type | Free Variables |
| `i32` | concrete | 
| `&'a i32` | `'a` |

> | `&'static i32` | concrete |

Reviewer: Would be good to have `&i32` and say that it has an (anonymous) free (inference) variable.

Author: How's that?

Reviewer: Well `&i32` really means `&'_ i32` and `_` is a placeholder for something that may be substituted or unified with something else, possibly concrete.

}
```

## Free variables and concrete items and types

The *free variables* of an item or type are the type and lifetime variables
not bound therein. These variables may be substituted for other types or lifetimes. A *concrete item* or *concrete
type* is one without free variables. See [Wikipeida][concrete
wikipedia] for more.

For example, consider this trait:

```rust
# struct SomeStruct;
#
trait Example<A> {
    fn foo(a: A);

    fn bar<'b>(a: A, b: &'b SomeStruct);

    fn baz();

    fn quux(a: i32, b: Option<i32>);

> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
}
```

```

> In it, the trait `Example` has a free variable `A` because it declares it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In it, the trait `Example` has a bound variable `A` because it declares it
```

> itself. Furthermore, `foo` has `A` as a free variable because it uses it as the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
itself. The trait also has `Self` as an implicitly bound variable. Furthermore, `foo` has `A` as a free variable because it uses it as the
```

type of its first argument. The function `bar` has `A` as a free type variable,
getting `A` from the trait's generic parameters. However, the lifetime `'b` is

> bound in `baz` but is free in tye type `&'b SomeStruct`. Both `baz` and `quux`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
bound in `baz` but is free in the type `&'b SomeStruct`. Both `baz` and `quux`
```

Reviewer 2: Bound in `bar`

Reviewer: I don't follow...

> have no free type variables and are thus concrete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

}
```

## Formulae and Free Variables

The syntatic locations a *variable* is allowed is a *formulae*. Formulae for
type and lifetime variables are:

* [Types]
* Type constructors (for example, `Option` in `enum Option<T> { ... }`)

> * Lifetimes (only lifetime variables)

Reviewer: Ah; can you expand to "(only lifetime variables are allowed here)"?

* [Items]
* Item constructors (for example, `Into` in `trait Into<T>`)
* [Associated Items]
* [Trait Bounds]
* [Expressions] \(through path expressions with generics)

The free variables of a formulae are those not referenced (*bound*) by a generic
binder in the formulae.

These free variables may be substituted for other types or lifetimes.
A formulae is *concrete*, or *closed*, if there are no free variables in it.
See [Wikipedia][wikipedia free variables] for more.

Examples of generic binders for type and lifetime variables are:

* `for<'a>` in `for<'a> fn(&'a u8)`
* `<T>` in `fn identity<T>(x: T) -> T { x }` for item constructors
* [Traits] and [implementations] implicitly bind `Self`

> All type and lifetimes are unbound at the boundaries of items.

Reviewer: Also not sure what this sentence is saying...

Author: T'was the last thing I wrote before my brain turned off. I need to expand it, but it's the fact that in the following example, `CONST` has no free variables, whether implicitly `Self` from traits or the generic parameter `T` of the function itself:

```rust
fn generic<T>(t: T) {
    const CONST: () = ();
}
```

Reviewer: Ah yes; that's a good point, we don't have scoped type variables. Be careful not to imply that this applies to `bar` in `trait Foo { fn bar(); }` because `Foo` and `bar` are both in the syntactic category of items here.

Formulae nest. For example, in a function item, the entire function item is a
formulae but so are the types of the parameters of the function. A type or
lifetime variable may be free in one formulae but bound in a containing

> formulae. For example, in the function prototype `for<'a> fn foo(a: &'a i32>`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
formulae. For example, in the function prototype `for<'a> fn foo(a: &'a i32)`,
```
"prototype"?

Author: Name for everything of a function except the block expression. The part you can put in a trait. Do you have a better name?

Reviewer: I'd call this "function signature" or "function declaration".

> `'a` is bound by the `for<'a>` but in the formulae of the type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`'a` is bound by the binder `for<'a>` but in the type
```

`&'a i32`, `'a` is a free variable.

Furthermore, the same syntax may have free variables when looked at as one
formulae while having no free variables when looked at as another formulae. Most
commonly, the type or item will have a free variable when the type or item
constructor does not. For example, `Option<T>` as a type has `T` as a free

> variable but as a type constructor, has no free variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
variable but as a type constructor, `Option` has no free variables.
```
(it's not the same type expression so it's not a valid example)
